Release note-  Proofpoint TAP (#2582)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2023-06-08-apps-proofpoint-tap.md

---
title: Proofpoint TAP (Apps)
image: https://www.sumologic.com/img/logo.svg
keywords:
  - apps
  - app catalog
  - saas cloud
  - proofpoint tap
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

We're excited to announce the release of the new Proofpoint TAP app for Sumo Logic. This app helps you to strengthen your security posture by providing comprehensive visibility and analysis of messages and clicks on malicious URLs. Here are some of the key features that this app offers:

- **Message Protection**. Provides sophisticated email analysis techniques and helps you to identify malicious emails, such as those containing malware, ransomware, or phishing attempts.

> - **URL Defense**. Analyzes URLs in real-time and help you to identify malicious websites or links used for phishing or spreading malware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **URL Defense**. Analyzes URLs in real-time and helps you identify malicious websites or links used for phishing or spreading malware.
```
